the powers
I leave politics to others is your head
keeping you entertained of course I do
you disappoint me sir Anna you've taken
everything I provided for you and thrown
it all away
vampa provided for me are you insane
you've destroyed our family you've
killed other vampires all over some
prophecy that we barely understand no
more I'm done with you you will not
touch him so see this dragon has fangs
your voice trips with the venom of your
mother's influence how like you've
become no because unlike her I'm not
afraid of you not anymore haven't you
it appears I have you to thank for
turning my daughter against me knew it
was only a matter of time before your
ambition had grew your loyalty a small
price to pay for the betterment of our
kind
oh come now spare me your notions of
Kings you've simply used cerana
attempt to tell me what should
rightfully honor
the vampire is eternal and with
immortality comes the revelation but
these bones never endure it's fleeting
momentary at best yes quite I'm growing
weary of speaking to you and my
traitorous dog I'll give you a little
chance to turn over the bow to me
there will not be a second very well
then you leave me no choice
now that's done
I'm not sure I'll probably stay here for
as long as they'll let me I think we can
rebuild here make my family's legacy
something more respectable of course